docs(entity-isolation): Documentation for the Entity Isolation Filter (#3502)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/entity-isolation/con-example-kafkaprotocolfilter-resource.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

// file included in the following:
//
// assembly-configuring-entity-isolation-filter.adoc

[id='con-example-kafkaprotocolfilter-resource-{context}']
= Example `KafkaProtocolFilter` resource

[role="_abstract"]
If your instance of Kroxylicious runs on Kubernetes, you must use a `KafkaProtocolFilter` resource to contain the filter configuration.

> Here's a complete example of a `KafkaProtocolFilter` resource configured for authorization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a complete example of a `KafkaProtocolFilter` resource configured for entity isolation:
```
